Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain an American found
footage horror film called “The Visit”.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
Two siblings from Philadelphia, 15-year-old
Becca and 13-year-old Tyler, prepare for a
five-day visit with their grandparents while
their divorced mother Loretta goes on a cruise
with her new boyfriend.
Loretta reveals that she has not spoken to
her parents in 15 years after marrying her
high-school teacher, of whom her parents disapproved.
Having never met their grandparents, the teens
plan to record a documentary film about their
visit using a camcorder.
At the train station, Becca and Tyler meet
their grandparents for the first time, whom
Becca refers to as "Nana" and "Pop Pop".
The kids are very happy seeing their grandparents
for the first time.
Arriving at the house, Becca is busy recording
all activities with Tyler using her camera.
Nana is also very happy with the presence
of her grandchildren.
Tyler and Becca get settled into their room
upstairs, which used to be their mother’s.
So far, everything seems very normal.
Things start out very well.
Tyler and Becca are both given the freedom
to explore.
They are having a fun day together exploring
the surroundings.
At night, Grandpa comes into their room to
give them some information.
In this house, they have to obey some rules.
Becca and Tyler are instructed to never go
into the basement because it contains toxic
mold, and that bedtime is at 9:30pm, after
which they shouldn't leave their room.
However, that night, Becca and Tyler couldn't
sleep.
An hour past curfew, Becca is hungry, so she
ventures downstairs for something to eat.
She intends to take a cake from the kitchen.
However, to her surprise, she sees Nana walking
aimlessly and vomiting all over the house,
which frightens her.
Becca immediately runs into her room, feeling
anxious.
The next day, she questions her grandfather
about the event that happened last night.
Pop-pop insists that Nana had a stomach bug
and wasn't feeling well.
He then reminds her not to leave their bedroom
after 9:30pm.
During the day, the kids continue to explore.
They play hide and seek in a crawl space underneath
the house.
Tyler hides; Becca seeks Tyler out with her
camera, making her own way into the dimly
lit maze columns.
However, Becca is surprised when she turns
and is confronted by the lunging, animalistic
form of Nanna, bounding towards her in an
unnaturally fast gait.
She immediately flees, trying to escape.
Before Nana can reach her, Becca retreats,
sprawling out of the crawl space into the
safety of sunlight.
Nanna emerges, laughing at what she sees as
a joke.
A few moments later, a doctor named Dr. Sam
comes to their door and asks to talk to their
grandparents.
But their grandparents are not home at the
moment as they had just gone for a walk.
He claims that he is from Maple Shade, the
hospital the grandparents volunteer at.
He stops by to check on them and wonders why
they haven't been coming in for the scheduled shifts
Then, while their grandparents are still away,
Tyler decides to investigate what’s in the shed
While vlogging, he sneaks inside and finds
in the corner: a pile.
He gets closer to see what it is and discovers
it’s used adult diapers.
After their grandparents return home, Pop-Pop
takes Becca and Tyler through the town.
He shows the school their mother used to study
at.
A moment later, however, Pop-Pop tells them
to leave because they’re being followed.
The kids see a man across the street.
Pop-Pop runs over and begins to accost the
man, yelling at him.
Becca and Tyler convince him to leave the
man alone, and Pop-Pop, realising he's just
being paranoid, apologizes to them.
That night, at 10:47 PM, they hear a scary
sound coming outside their locked door.
The two want to film what’s on the other
side, so Tyler tells Becca to open the door.
When the door is opened, they see a naked
Nana clawing at the door opposite them, scratching
like a frantic dog.
They immediately shut the door.
The next morning, Pop-Pop and Nana are outside
with breakfast on the table.
Nana apologizes because she’s got hot oil
over Becca’s computer webcam.
As a result, when they are talking to their
mother on Skype, they aren’t able to show
their faces.
Tyler and Becca immediately tells their mother
that their grandparents have been acting strange
these past few days.
She reassures them their grandparents are
"weird", but they're also old, and old people
are sometimes cranky, sometimes paranoid;
that’s just how old people act.
In the afternoon, Becca approaches her grandmother,
asking her to be interviewed.
Becca interviews Nana by asking her warm-up
questions.
She asks Nana what happened 15 years ago to
cause her not to speak to her daughter.
However, Nana starts going berserk, shaking
violently.
That night, at 10:16 PM, they hear a horrible
commotion outside the door.
They want to know what Nana is doing this
time.
When they open the door...
they see Nana running
past, with both arms behind her back, rushing
past them, in both directions.
Just as she’s about to crawl towards the
camera, they shut and lock the door.
On the fourth day, another strange thing happens
when Becca and Tyler see their grandmother
staring into a well.
Tyler and Becca approach the well to try to
figure out what is hidden inside.
But all they pull up is water.
Later that day, a neighbour named Stacey comes
over, telling them their grandparents volunteered
at the hospital when she was in rehab, and
she baked treats to thank them.
Later that evening, Becca is in the living
room and hears Nana laughing hysterically.
She decides to show what kind of television
show makes her Nana laugh, hoping it’s the
same one her mom loves.
But she finds Nana rocking in a chair, facing
the wall.
Suddenly the grandmother covered her own face
with a shawl.
Becca also goes into the shed and finds Pop-Pop
with a rifle in his mouth.
Due to strange occurrences that keep happening,
they decide to set up a hidden camera in the
living room to see exactly what goes on at
night.
Time passes, and they fall asleep.
In the living area, the camera records Nana
opening and slamming the basement door several times
She picks up the camera and then films herself
going into the kitchen where she grabs a butcher knife
She makes her way up to the kids’ bedroom
and begins pounding at their door.
Becca and Tyler wake up, startled.
They can hear Nana trying to get in but just
stay still.
The next morning, they watch the footage and
see that Nana was trying to kill them.
Becca tells Tyler that their mom is back from
her vacation that day, so they just have to
avoid their grandparents all day by going
out and pretending to play.
Becca uses that moment to scrub the oil off
of her webcam.
They wait until the grandparents are out front.
And they immediately get on Skype.
The oil has been scrubbed off of the webcam
so their mom can see them now.
They quickly tell her that she needs to come
and pick them up right now as their grandparents
are scaring them.
Tyler films the grandparents from the window
so his mom can see them.
The mom is now white-faced and reveals to
both of them that they are not her parents;
which means they have been living with strangers
all week.
Their mom immediately tries to call the local
police.
She tells them to get somewhere safe… but
just then the grandparents return.
A few hours later, outside the window, they
see Nana and Pop-Pop in a heated argument
with their neighbour, Stacey.
They wonder what they are fighting about.
Later that night, the grandparents suggest
having a board game night, but the kids say
they want to record something outside while
the grandparents figure out the teams.
They head for the yard only to see STACEY
HANGING DEAD FROM A TREE.
Pop-pop appears and tells them they already
have the teams – old versus young.
The kids are forced to play Yahtzee with the
fake grandparents.
Becca excuses herself from the game saying
she’s got to film something real quick.
Tyler who is now left alone begins to feel
strange things.
Pop-pop suddenly walks away from the table
and Nana is seen eating cake unnaturally.
The old man returns to the table and approaches
his wife who suddenly freezes.
Becca goes down to the basement, explaining
to the viewer that she thinks her real grandparents
have been trapped down there, and that’s
why Pop-Pop told them to stay away.
Becca begins calling out for the real Nana
and Pop-Pop but doesn’t hear a response.
In the corner, she sees a dumpster and hurries
over to it.
Inside, she sees something from MAPLE Shade
which she now learns is a PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL.
She also finds a family photo of her real
grandparents.
She digs some more and to her surprise, she
finds THE CORPSES OF HER REAL GRANDPARENTS!
Immediately behind her, Pop-Pop has appeared.
This is where he reveals everything.
He and the woman Becca knows as Nana were
patients at a nearby mental hospital where
the real Nana and Pop Pop were regular volunteers.
When they told them about their upcoming visit
with their grandchildren, the two imposters
decided it would be fun to experience in their
place.
So they murdered their real grandparents and
took their place.
It is also revealed that Fake Nana once had
children of her own.
Therefore, a few days ago, the grandmother
was seen staring into a well because she remembered
that 35 years ago, she deliberately threw
her child into the well.
Furthermore, it is also revealed that Nana
experiences something called sundowning, which
is a form of dementia that happens when the
sun sets.
That explains why fake Nana is often increasingly
confused at nights, and prone to erratic behavior
in low lighting
Throughout the movie, other folks from the
hospital have been stopping by the house to
check up on their grandparents, but fake grandparents
have conspired to be “out for a walk”
during these visits.
After the revelation, Pop Pop grabs Becca
and imprisons her in his bedroom with Nana.
Meanwhile, he then starts to psychologically
torment Tyler by smearing his face with his
dirty diaper.
Simultaneously, Becca continues to be chased
by Nana.
Nana smashes Becca’s face into the mirror
and pieces of glass shatter all around them.
Becca picks up a shard of glass as Nana jumps
on top of her, clawing at her.
Becca fatally stabs Nana with the glass shard,
killing her.
She runs into the kitchen and tackles Pop
Pop.
As Pop Pop starts to get the upper hand, Tyler
attacks him and knocks him to the floor and
repeatedly slams the refrigerator door onto
his head; killing him.
Soon after, they hear police sirens; they
immediately run outside to find their mom
and police cars out front.
They hug each other and grateful that they
are now safe.
That's the ending of the movie "The Visit".
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.